iOSInspectionApp/README-iOS.md, before:

# Property Management Code Sample

> **IMPORTANT NOTE:** You must install the Web Application before the iOS apps will work.  During the Web application installation process all of the components and sample data which support the demo are provisioned.  See the [Install Web Application README](https://github.com/OfficeDev/Property-Inspection-Code-Sample/blob/master/PropertyManagerMyApp/README.md) for complete instructions.

Install iOS Apps
================

The demo relies upon the iOS inspection app to function end to end.  Some configuration is required to enable the iOS Apps to work with an Office 365 environment.  Read on to learn about the configuration process.

Azure Active Directory Application
----------------------------------

The iOS Apps use Office 365 APIs and SharePoint REST APIs to interact with an Office 365 / Azure tenancy.  The Azure Active Directory Application is used to authorize the iOS Apps.  To register the iOS Apps with an Azure Active Directory follow these instructions.

Create Azure Active Directory App for the iPad Apps
---------------------------------------------------

1. Open the Azure Management Portal
2. Select **Active Directory**
3. Click on your Azure Active Directory
4. Click **Applications**
5. Click **Add**
6. Click **Add an application my organization is developing**
7. In the Name textbox enter **PropertyManagementiOSiPadApp**
8. For Type, select **NATIVE CLIENT APPLICATION**
9. Click the **Arrow button**
10. In the Redirect URI textbox enter **http://PropertyManagementiOSiPadApp**
11. Click the **Checkmark button**
12. Expand the update your code section and **copy** the Redirect URI and Client ID values and **paste** them into a text file.  You will use these values when you configure the iPad app on your iPad.
13. Click **CONFIGURE**
14.	In the permissions to other applications section, click the **Add application** button.
15.	Click the + button next to **Office 365 SharePoint Online**, **Office 365 unified API (preview)**, and **OneNote**.
16.	Click the **Checkmark button**
17.	Configure the permission to Office 365 unified API (preview), use the screenshot below for reference.
![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OfficeDev/Property-Inspection-Code-Sample/master/Documents/O365 Unified API AAD Permissions.jpg)
18.	Configure the permission to Microsoft Office 365 SharePoint, use the screenshot below for reference.
![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OfficeDev/Property-Inspection-Code-Sample/master/Documents/O365 SP AAD App Permissions 2.jpg)
19.	Configure the permission to OneNote, use the screenshot below for reference.
![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OfficeDev/Property-Inspection-Code-Sample/master/Documents/O365 OneNote AAD App Permissions 2.jpg)
20. Click **Save**

iOS Apps Installation
---------------------

Now you are ready to install the iOS Apps.  

In the iOSInspectionApp and iOSRepairApp folder you will find runnable sample code for iOS Apps.

1. On a Mac machine, clone the GitHub repository.  

The samples utilize Cocoapods to configure both the Office365 SDKs and ADAL.  To use Cocoapods to add the SDKs to the workspaces perform these steps for both the Inspection and Repair iOS Apps.

1. Open Terminal.
2. Navigate to inside the project's folder.
3. Run `pod install`.
4. Run `open iOSInspectionApp.xcworkspace` or `open iOSRepairApp.xcworkspace` to open the workspace with all projects and dependencies loaded appropriately.

See the screenshot of these commands being run in the terminal below for reference.

![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OfficeDev/Property-Inspection-Code-Sample/master/Documents/pod install.png)

> For more info on Cocoapods setup see the Office 365 SDK for iOS [wiki](https://github.com/OfficeDev/Office-365-SDK-for-iOS/wiki/Cocoapods-Setup) and [their site](http://cocoapods.org).

iOS Apps Configuration
----------------------

After the Coacoa Pods are registered, you need to configure the apps to work with the Office 365 / Azure Tenancy and the Azure Active Directory Application you created.  This section describes how to do it.

Items that you need a real iOS device to run
------------------------------------------------

Some of the functionality int he app will not work in the iOS Simulator.  You must run the app on a real device to use the following functionality.

1. Taking a picture.
2. Recording a video.
2. Uploading a video to the Office 365 Video Portal.
2. Opening Word, Excel, and PowerPoint documents in the native Android Office applications via Deep Links. 

See the [iOS Simulator Guide](https://developer.apple.com/library/ios/documentation/IDEs/Conceptual/iOS_Simulator_Guide/iOS_Simulator_Guide.pdf) for more information.

Configure iPad Apps settings
----------------------------

To configure the iPad Apps settings follow these instructions.  You need to perform these same steps for both the Inspection and Repair iOS apps.

1. In XCode, run the **iPad App**.
2. After the iPad App is loaded and the Sign In screen is displayed, push the **home button** two times and close/terminate the running instance of the application.

	> On the iPad simulator, press command + shift + H to simulate the Home button.

3. Next, open the **native iOS Settings App**.
4. In the left column, tap the **name of the app**.
5. Enter the values which correspond to the Azure Active Directory application you created for the iPad Apps.
6. Enter the URL to the Site Collection created by the Property Manager web app.
7. Enter the email address for the Dispatcher. (katiej&#64;&lt;Your Tenancy&gt;.onmicrosoft.com)

These are the values that must be configured.

- **clientID** This is the value you copied and pasted in the steps above.  This value is also displayed in the CONFIGURE page for the iOSiPadApp Azure Active Directory Application in the Azure Management Portal.
- **redirectUriString** This is the value you copied and pasted in the steps above.  This value is also displayed in the CONFIGURE page for the iOSiPadApp Azure Active Directory Application in the Azure Management Portal.
- **demoSiteServiceResourceId** Url for the root Site Collection in the Office 365 Tenancy. Use the same value you configured in the web.config for the Property Manager web app for the DemoSiteServiceResourceId app setting.
- **demoSiteCollectionUrl** Url for the Site Collection created by the Property Manager web app.  Use the same value you configured in the web.config for the Property Manager web app for the DemoSiteCollectionUrl app setting.
- **dispatcherEmail** Email address for the dispatcher account you created.
- **VideoPortalEndpointUri** Api Endpoint for the Video Portal which comes with your Office 365 tenancy.

Enable Keychain Sharing
-----------------------

You must enable Keychain Sharing to make the ADAL library work on a real iOS device.  This step is not required if you are running in the iOS Simulator.

If you do not enable Keychain Sharing for the app it will throw the following error when you run it on a real iOS device.

ERROR: Error raised: 11. Additional Information: Domain: ADAuthenticationErrorDomain ProtocolCode:(null) Details:Cannot add a new item in the keychain. Error code: -25243.

You might also receive an error that will prevent you from deploying it to a real iOS device.

You can learn more about this error here:

http://stackoverflow.com/questions/30876085/adalioscannot-add-a-new-item-in-the-keychain-o365-ios-connect-swift

To enable Keychain Sharing, follow the steps in the Configuring Keychain Sharing section in this article.

https://developer.apple.com/library/ios/documentation/IDEs/Conceptual/AppDistributionGuide/AddingCapabilities/AddingCapabilities.html

![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OfficeDev/Property-Inspection-Code-Sample/master/Documents/Enable Keychain Sharing.png)

**iOS Apps Installation Complete!**

## License
Copyright (c) Microsoft, Inc. All rights reserved. Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0.

Commit message:

V5.0 Release
Updated the Property Management Code sample to work with the GA version
of the following Office 365 APIs.  Fixed breaking changes associated
with the GA release of Microsoft Graph.  Enhance the Property Management
Code sample to use the new functionality in the Office 365 APIs.  Added
functionality to create, read and update tasks in the plans for an
Office 365 Group associated with a property/incident.  Added persona
cards for people in the members list.  Added pop out cards for file
thumbnails for OneDrive files in list.  Incorporated Office UI Fabric
components.  Updated all mobile apps to work with Microsoft Graph GA
release.  Fine-tuned user interface.  Streamline installation by
automatically provisioning several components that previously were not
able to be provisioned automatically.  Updated all screenshots, .md
installation instruction files, and demo walk through slide deck.  Fixed
the issue where IE failed upon installation.  Refactored provisioning
code to make it easier to understand, simpler, and run on separate
threads.

iOSInspectionApp/README-iOS.md, after:

# Property Management Code Sample

> **IMPORTANT NOTE:** You must install the Web Application before the iOS apps will work.  During the Web application installation process all of the components and sample data which support the demo are provisioned.  See the [Install Web Application README](https://github.com/OfficeDev/Property-Inspection-Code-Sample/blob/master/PropertyManagerMyApp/README.md) for complete instructions.

Install iOS Apps
================

The demo relies upon the iOS inspection app to function end to end.  Some configuration is required to enable the iOS Apps to work with an Office 365 environment.  Read on to learn about the configuration process.

Azure Active Directory Application
----------------------------------

The iOS Apps use Office 365 APIs and SharePoint REST APIs to interact with an Office 365 / Azure tenancy.  The Azure Active Directory Application is used to authorize the iOS Apps.  To register the iOS Apps with an Azure Active Directory follow these instructions.

Create Azure Active Directory App for the iPad Apps
---------------------------------------------------

1. Open the Azure Management Portal
2. Select **Active Directory**
3. Click on your Azure Active Directory
4. Click **Applications**
5. Click **Add**
6. Click **Add an application my organization is developing**
7. In the Name textbox enter **PropertyManagementiOSiPadApp**
8. For Type, select **NATIVE CLIENT APPLICATION**
9. Click the **Arrow button**
10. In the Redirect URI textbox enter **http://PropertyManagementiOSiPadApp**
11. Click the **Checkmark button**
12. Expand the update your code section and **copy** the Redirect URI and Client ID values and **paste** them into a text file.  You will use these values when you configure the iPad app on your iPad.
13. Click **CONFIGURE**
14.	In the permissions to other applications section, click the **Add application** button.
15.	Click the + button next to **Microsoft Office 365 SharePoint** and **Microsoft Graph API**.
16.	Click the **Checkmark button**
17.	Open the **Delegated Permissions dropdown list** for the Microsoft Graph API item you just added
    Select the following permissions:
	- Read and write all groups
	- Read and write all users' full profiles
	- Send mail as a user
	- Read and write user notebooks (preview)
18.	Open the **Delegated Permissions dropdown list** for the Microsoft Office 365 SharePoint item you just added
    Select the following permissions:
    - Have full control of all site collections
19. Click **Save**

iOS Apps Installation
---------------------

Now you are ready to install the iOS Apps.  

In the iOSInspectionApp and iOSRepairApp folder you will find runnable sample code for iOS Apps.

1. On a Mac machine, clone the GitHub repository.  

The samples utilize Cocoapods to configure both the Office365 SDKs and ADAL.  To use Cocoapods to add the SDKs to the workspaces perform these steps for both the Inspection and Repair iOS Apps.

1. Open Terminal.
2. Navigate to inside the project's folder.
3. Run `pod install`.
4. Run `open iOSInspectionApp.xcworkspace` or `open iOSRepairApp.xcworkspace` to open the workspace with all projects and dependencies loaded appropriately.

See the screenshot of these commands being run in the terminal below for reference.

![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OfficeDev/Property-Inspection-Code-Sample/master/Documents/pod%20install.png)

> For more info on Cocoapods setup see the Office 365 SDK for iOS [wiki](https://github.com/OfficeDev/Office-365-SDK-for-iOS/wiki/Cocoapods-Setup) and [their site](http://cocoapods.org).

iOS Apps Configuration
----------------------

After the Coacoa Pods are registered, you need to configure the apps to work with the Office 365 / Azure Tenancy and the Azure Active Directory Application you created.  This section describes how to do it.

Items that you need a real iOS device to run
------------------------------------------------

Some of the functionality int he app will not work in the iOS Simulator.  You must run the app on a real device to use the following functionality.

1. Taking a picture.
2. Recording a video.
2. Uploading a video to the Office 365 Video Portal.
2. Opening Word, Excel, and PowerPoint documents in the native Android Office applications via Deep Links. 

See the [iOS Simulator Guide](https://developer.apple.com/library/ios/documentation/IDEs/Conceptual/iOS_Simulator_Guide/iOS_Simulator_Guide.pdf) for more information.

Configure iPad Apps settings
----------------------------

To configure the iPad Apps settings follow these instructions.  You need to perform these same steps for both the Inspection and Repair iOS apps.

1. In XCode, run the **iPad App**.
2. After the iPad App is loaded and the Sign In screen is displayed, push the **home button** two times and close/terminate the running instance of the application.

	> On the iPad simulator, press command + shift + H to simulate the Home button.

3. Next, open the **native iOS Settings App**.
4. In the left column, tap the **name of the app**.
5. Enter the values which correspond to the Azure Active Directory application you created for the iPad Apps.
6. Enter the URL to the Site Collection created by the Property Manager web app.
7. Enter the email address for the Dispatcher. (katiej&#64;&lt;Your Tenancy&gt;.onmicrosoft.com)

These are the values that must be configured.

- **clientID** This is the value you copied and pasted in the steps above.  This value is also displayed in the CONFIGURE page for the iOSiPadApp Azure Active Directory Application in the Azure Management Portal.
- **redirectUriString** This is the value you copied and pasted in the steps above.  This value is also displayed in the CONFIGURE page for the iOSiPadApp Azure Active Directory Application in the Azure Management Portal.
- **demoSiteServiceResourceId** Url for the root Site Collection in the Office 365 Tenancy. Use the same value you configured in the web.config for the Property Manager web app for the DemoSiteServiceResourceId app setting.
- **demoSiteCollectionUrl** Url for the Site Collection created by the Property Manager web app.  Use the same value you configured in the web.config for the Property Manager web app for the DemoSiteCollectionUrl app setting.
- **dispatcherEmail** Email address for the dispatcher account you created.

Enable Keychain Sharing
-----------------------

You must enable Keychain Sharing to make the ADAL library work on a real iOS device.  This step is not required if you are running in the iOS Simulator.

If you do not enable Keychain Sharing for the app it will throw the following error when you run it on a real iOS device.

ERROR: Error raised: 11. Additional Information: Domain: ADAuthenticationErrorDomain ProtocolCode:(null) Details:Cannot add a new item in the keychain. Error code: -25243.

You might also receive an error that will prevent you from deploying it to a real iOS device.

You can learn more about this error here:

http://stackoverflow.com/questions/30876085/adalioscannot-add-a-new-item-in-the-keychain-o365-ios-connect-swift

To enable Keychain Sharing, follow the steps in the Configuring Keychain Sharing section in this article.

https://developer.apple.com/library/ios/documentation/IDEs/Conceptual/AppDistributionGuide/AddingCapabilities/AddingCapabilities.html

![](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/OfficeDev/Property-Inspection-Code-Sample/master/Documents/Enable%20Keychain%20Sharing.png)
**iOS Apps Installation Complete!**

## License
Copyright (c) Microsoft, Inc. All rights reserved. Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0.
